docs:  how to on tracing (#319)
deepsense-ai/ragbits: docs/how-to/core/use_tracing.md

without additional configuration. These traces provide visibility into execution flow, performance characteristics,
and potential bottlenecks.

## How to trace your own code

There are two ways you can use Ragbits tracing in your code:

1. using **@traceable**:
   import the traceable decorator from ragbits.core.audit and apply it (@traceable) to the method you wish to trace.
```python
from ragbits.core.audit import traceable

@traceable
def add_numbers(a: int, b: int) -> int:
    if a % 2 == 0:
        return add_numbers(a + 1, b)
    if a % 3 == 0:
        return add_numbers(a + 2, b)
    return a + b
```
   In the tracing tree, inputs and outputs are provided by inputs and outputs of the traced method.
2. using **with trace()**:
   import trace from ragbits.core.audit and run a part of code you wish to trace within `with trace()` context:
```python
from ragbits.core.audit import trace

def add_more_numbers(a: int, b: int, c: int) -> int:
    with trace(name='check a', first_number=a) as outputs:
        if a % 2 == 0:
           result = a + 1 +c
           outputs.first_result = result

>         with trace(name='check b', second_number=b) as outputs:

Reviewer: new outputs overrides previous one, which is misleading. Let's name them outputs_a, outputs_b

Also let's have `outputs_a.result= result` rather than first/second_result

Author: corrected

            if b % 3 == 0:
                result = a + 2 + c
                outputs.second_result = result
```
   In the tracing tree, inputs are provided as keyword arguments when initializing the trace context,
   while outputs must be explicitly assigned within the traced block.

You can enable the desired trace handler in your script using the following method:
```audit.set_trace_handlers(trace_handler_name)```

> Keep in mind that you can use more than one trace handling both methods in one script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that you can use more than one trace handling method simultaneously.
```
